list unavailable backends as JSON in fed errors (#3407)
wireapp/wire-server: services/brig/docs/swagger.md

Errors in this category result from trying to communicate with a backend that is considered non-existent or invalid. They can result from invalid user input or client issues, but they can also be a symptom of misconfiguration in one or multiple backends. These errors have a 4xx status code.

 - **Remote backend not found** (status: 422, label: `invalid-domain`): This backend attempted to contact a backend which does not exist or is not properly configured. For the most part, clients can consider this error equivalent to a domain not existing, although it should be noted that certain mistakes in the DNS configuration on a remote backend can lead to the backend not being recognized, and hence to this error. It is therefore not advisable to take any destructive action upon encountering this error, such as deleting remote users from conversations.

>  - **Remote backend unreachable** (status: 403, label: `federation-unreachable-domains-error`): Similar to `invalid-domain`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Remote backend unreachable** (status: 503, label: `federation-unreachable-domains-error`): Similar to `invalid-domain`. However, unlike with `invalid-domain`, here the configuration for one or more remote backends is valid, but they are temporarily unreachable.
```

Author: Nice catch, thanks!
